docs: add dbt selector docs (#27)
lightdash/lightdash-docs: docs/get-started/setup-lightdash/connect-project.mdx

To read more about dbt targets, [check out the dbt docs here.](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target)

#### dbt selector 

> You can filter out models in your dbt project that you don't want to see in Lightdash. This is useful if you have a large 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter out models in your dbt project that you don't want to connect to Lightdash. This is useful if you have a large 
```

slight change - but I think this is different to the `table selector` which is where you actually hide what you "see" in Lightdash. This is more about what you "connect" to Lightdash I think?

dbt project and you want to speed up the sync process. Unlike [table selection](https://docs.lightdash.com/guides/adding-tables-to-lightdash#limiting-the-tables-in-lightdash-using-dbt-tags), 

> this selector is applied to the dbt models, so it will skip the entire compilation process for the models that you don't want to see in Lightdash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this selector is applied to the dbt models, so it will skip the entire compilation process for the models that you don't want to connect to Lightdash.
```
